== SimpleVM Goals
* Booleans - Basic C bool
* Logical branching - C/Python if statement
* Logical And - And by bits
* Logical Or -  Or by bits
* Logical Not - Not by bits
* Logical XOR - XOR by bits.. gotta have it for major bitwhackin'
* Bitshift Right
* Bitshift Left
* Assignment - non-typesafe memory to memory copy
* Integers - Signed 32-bit integers
* Pointer - Same as a C pointer
* Arrays - Basic C-style continuous memory block of either integers or booleans
* Stacks - Basic FIFO que of pointers
* STDIN/STDOUT IO

== Parse Structure
As this code is supposed to simulate the runtime environment
of a very low-level processor, there are very few "builtin"
features and the set of keywords is minimal. Keyword
declaration is also not possible, subroutines and functions
are accomplished purely with raw stacks and are expected
to be emulated by a compiler, not written by hand.
General Structure:
    &optcode [&opt [&opt [&opt [&opt]]]]]
where &optcode is a string of length four chars or less
terminated with a space and defined in the Bytecode Spec
later in this document. Each &opt is a string of length
n < 6 which is the name of a defined memory block.

The VM itself is CASE-INSENSITVE when it comes to variable
names and keywords, but the standard is for uppercase
as that is what the VM coerces to during code execution.

Note on optcodes - optcodes may NOT be overloaded.
While traditionally some verbs such as "<<" and ">>" may
be applied to multiple types of objects, for simplicity
SimpleVM does not support type inference as such. At
least in v1. At runtime, the VM will do type checking
to ensure that the parameters' types match and errors
will be thrown if they are inappropriate.

= Bytecode Spec

Syntax note: Below I us "N1", "N2", "N3" etc. to refer to the arguments
of various operations. Please remember that this is a working spec and
by no means represents a formal grammar or typeset which is guaranteed
to be implemented in full whenever Simple VM makes 1.0

All of these tables are notes to myself on functionality which I wish
to implement and the rough syntax which I plan to use therefor.

== Integers
OpCode   | Args      | Description
---------+-----------+--------------
ADD      | N1 N2 N3  | N3 := N1 + N2
SUB      | N1 N2 N3  | N3 := N1 - N2
MUL      | N1 N2 N3  | N3 := N1 * N2
DIV      | N1 N2 N3  | N3 := N1 / N2
MOD      | N1 N2 N3  | N3 := N1 % N2

== System
System opcodes are for the most part type-insensitive
or perform untyped operations.

OpCode   | Args      | Description
---------+-----------+-------------------------------------------
DINT     | N1        | creates an int at N1
DBIT     | N1        | creates a bool N1
DPTR     | N1 N2     | creates a pointer at N1 to N2
SWAP     | N1 N2     | swaps the values at N1, N2. Type unsafe.
MCPY     | N1 N2     | raw memory copy of N1 to N2. Type unsafe.
DEL      | N1        | raw memory delete of whatever N1 points to.
GOTO     | N1        | Jumps to instruction N1
HALT     |           | Term. execution

== Logic & Binary
OpCode   | Args      | Description

---------+-----------+-------------------------------------------

OR       | N1 N2 N3  | N3 := N1 || N2

AND      | N1 N2 N3  | N3 := N1 && N2

NOT      | N1 N3     | N3 := !N1

XOR      | N1 N2 N3  | N3 :=(N1 & !N2) || (!N1 & N2)

RSFT     | N1        | shifts the value at N1 right one bit, truncating for space and padding with 0

LSFT     | N1        | shifts the value at N1 left one bit, truncating for space and padding with 0

== Stacks
OpCode   | Args      | Description

---------+-----------+-------------------------------------------

PUSH     | N1 N2     | push N1 onto stack N2

POP      | N1 N2     | pop from N1 into N2

== Pointers
Within SimpleVM, pointers are untyped references to some block of
memory. They are intended to allow for the implementation of features
like arrays and pass-by-reference, but for simplicity's sake they
will not feature typing.

OpCode   | Args      | Description

---------+-----------+-------------------------------------------

INCR     | N1        | shifts the pointer one address right

DECR     | N1        | shifts the pointer one address left
